Next, let's add some setters and getters for assigning left and right childs.
So define a function, set_left_child,
and a function, set_right_child.
Each function takes in a node that it assigns as the left or right child, respectively.
Now, that we can assume that this will replace an existing node if
it's already assigned as a left or right child.
Also, define the get_left and get_right_child functions.
One note for you is,
you may wondering why you're starting from a blank cell every time.
I think for coding interviews,
it's good practice because you'll usually not be given any scaffolding code.
You'll just be starting from a blank sheet of paper, not even a computer.
So I do encourage you to try this out,
but don't worry I'll be coding a solutions with you.